README improvements (#30)
agrc/geocoding-toolbox: README.md

## Installation

1. Sign up for an [AGRC Web API account](https://developer.mapserv.utah.gov) and create a new "Server" API key using your external ip address.

> 1. Download the [release zip file](https://github.com/agrc/geocoding-toolbox/raw/master/tool/AGRC%20Geocode%20Tools.zip) for ArcGIS Pro. Check out the [`py-2` branch](https://github.com/agrc/geocoding-toolbox/raw/py-2/tool/AGRC%20Geocode%20Tools.zip) for the ArcGIS Desktop version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download the [ArcGIS Pro Geocoding Tool for python 3](https://github.com/agrc/geocoding-toolbox/raw/master/tool/AGRC%20Geocode%20Tools.zip) or the less recommended [ArcGIS Desktop Geocoding Tool for python 2](https://github.com/agrc/geocoding-toolbox/raw/py-2/tool/AGRC%20Geocode%20Tools.zip). _Python 2.7 reached the end of its life on January 1st, 2020. Please upgrade your Python as Python 2.7 is no longer maintained. pip 21.0 will drop support for Python 2.7 in January 2021. More details about Python 2 support in pip, can be found at https://pip.pypa.io/en/latest/development/release-process/#python-2-support._
```

## Development

### Releasing

There is a `cut_release.py` CLI to bump and package releases.

1. Install dependencies: `pip install -e ".[release]"`
1. Cut a release with the CLI
   `python cut_release.py minor`

>    - To see the full options of the CLI use `python cut_release.py --help

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - To see the full options of the CLI use `python cut_release.py --help`
```
